README.md, before:

# Robotics Lab 3D Printing Designs

This respository serves as a tracking of STL files, for designs created and used within the lab.
| Name             | Description                          | Image                           | Download File               | More info |
|------------------|--------------------------------------|---------------------------------|-----------------------------| --------------|
| Universal Marker     | STL file for creating arbitrary rigid bodies | <img src="images/universal_marker.png" width="100">          | [Download](files/optitrack/Universal_Marker_3.stl)     |  |
| WX-250 Base | STL file for base of WX-250 robot arm | <img src="images/WX-250_Base.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/WX-250_robot_garden/base/bottom_base_WX-250.stl) | [link to repo](https://github.com/IE-Robotics-Lab/WX250_support_structure) |
|  WX-250 Base Support | STL file for bigger base support for Base_WX-250 | <img src="images/WX-250_Base_larger_support.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/WX-250_robot_garden/base/bottom_base_larger_support_WX-250.stl) |  |
| WX-250 Electronic Lid | STL file for lid for base of WX-250 robot arm | <img src="images/WX-250_ElectronicLid.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/WX-250_robot_garden/base/lid_electronics_WX-250.stl) | [link to repo](https://github.com/IE-Robotics-Lab/WX250_support_structure) |
| WX-250 Short Rest position | STL file for short tree for rest position WX-250 robot arm | <img src="images/WX-250_ShortRestTree.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/WX-250_robot_garden/rest_pos_supports/short_stick_tree.stl) | [link to repo](https://github.com/IE-Robotics-Lab/WX250_support_structure) |
| WX-250 Long Rest position | STL file for long tree for rest position WX-250 robot arm | <img src="images/WX-250_LongRestTree.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/WX-250_robot_garden/rest_pos_supports/long_stick_tree.stl) | [link to repo](https://github.com/IE-Robotics-Lab/WX250_support_structure) |
| WX-250 70° tree Rest position | STL file for 70° curve tree for rest position WX-250 robot arm | <img src="images/WX-250_70TreeRestTree.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/WX-250_robot_garden/rest_pos_supports/deg70stick_tree.stl) | [link to repo](https://github.com/IE-Robotics-Lab/WX250_support_structure) |
| WX-250 90° tree Rest position | STL file for 90° curve tree for rest position WX-250 robot arm | <img src="images/WX-250_90TreeRestTree.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/WX-250_robot_garden/rest_pos_supports/deg90stick_tree.stl) | [link to repo](https://github.com/IE-Robotics-Lab/WX250_support_structure) |
| DMP A6 <-> tross | STL file peace that attch from tross to case. Used as support DMP A6 case | <img src="images/tross_support_speaker.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/truss_supports/tross_support_speaker.stl) | |
| DMP A6 left half case | STL file left half of support case for DMP A6 | <img src="images/tross_case_left_speaker.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/truss_supports/tross_case_left_speaker.stl) | |
| DMP A6 right half case | STL file right half of support case for DMP A6  | <img src="images/tross_case_right_speaker.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/truss_supports/tross_case_right_speaker.stl) | |
| Case connectors | STL file for connectors to increase overall case strenght  | <img src="images/tross_speacker_connections.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/truss_supports/tross_speacker_connections.stl) | |
| Switch for servo | STL of case for servo motor, to turn on/off DMP A6  | <img src="images/switch_servo.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/truss_supports/switch_servo.stl) | [link to repo](https://github.com/IE-Robotics-Lab/servo_switch_DMPA6.git) |
| "Kangaroo" | STL file of design behind creen to keep in place laptop  | <img src="images/kangaroo.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/kangaroo/LaptopSupporter.stl) | |
| clever lamp: wx250s <-> projector mini | STL file of design to attach projector to end-effector of robot arm  | <img src="images/support_projector_wx250s.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/WX-250_robot_garden/support_projector_wx250s.stl) | [link to repo](https://github.com/IE-Robotics-Lab/clever_lamp.git) |
| clamp for truss to hold power supply box | STL file of design to attach powersupply box to the truss  | <img src="https://github.com/IERoboticsAILab/3d_printing_designs/blob/main/images/clamp_power_supply.png" width="100"> | [Download](https://github.com/IERoboticsAILab/3d_printing_designs/blob/main/files/truss_supports/clamp_power_supply.stl) |  |

Commit message:

add wx250s base for optitrack to readme

README.md, after:

# Robotics Lab 3D Printing Designs

This respository serves as a tracking of STL files, for designs created and used within the lab.
| Name             | Description                          | Image                           | Download File               | More info |
|------------------|--------------------------------------|---------------------------------|-----------------------------| --------------|
| Universal Marker     | STL file for creating arbitrary rigid bodies | <img src="images/universal_marker.png" width="100">          | [Download](files/optitrack/Universal_Marker_3.stl)     |  |
| WX-250 Base | STL file for base of WX-250 robot arm | <img src="images/WX-250_Base.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/WX-250_robot_garden/base/bottom_base_WX-250.stl) | [link to repo](https://github.com/IE-Robotics-Lab/WX250_support_structure) |
| WX-250 Base for Optitrak | STL file for base of WX-250 robot arm tuend with M3 scrues for Optitrack detection | <img src="https://github.com/IERoboticsAILab/3d_printing_designs/blob/main/images/WX-250_Base_for_optitrack.png" width="100"> | [Download](https://github.com/IERoboticsAILab/3d_printing_designs/blob/main/files/WX-250_robot_garden/base/bottom_base_WX-250_for%20Optitrack.stl) | [link to repo](https://github.com/IERoboticsAILab/clever_lamp) |
|  WX-250 Base Support | STL file for bigger base support for Base_WX-250 | <img src="images/WX-250_Base_larger_support.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/WX-250_robot_garden/base/bottom_base_larger_support_WX-250.stl) |  |
| WX-250 Electronic Lid | STL file for lid for base of WX-250 robot arm | <img src="images/WX-250_ElectronicLid.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/WX-250_robot_garden/base/lid_electronics_WX-250.stl) | [link to repo](https://github.com/IE-Robotics-Lab/WX250_support_structure) |
| WX-250 Short Rest position | STL file for short tree for rest position WX-250 robot arm | <img src="images/WX-250_ShortRestTree.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/WX-250_robot_garden/rest_pos_supports/short_stick_tree.stl) | [link to repo](https://github.com/IE-Robotics-Lab/WX250_support_structure) |
| WX-250 Long Rest position | STL file for long tree for rest position WX-250 robot arm | <img src="images/WX-250_LongRestTree.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/WX-250_robot_garden/rest_pos_supports/long_stick_tree.stl) | [link to repo](https://github.com/IE-Robotics-Lab/WX250_support_structure) |
| WX-250 70° tree Rest position | STL file for 70° curve tree for rest position WX-250 robot arm | <img src="images/WX-250_70TreeRestTree.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/WX-250_robot_garden/rest_pos_supports/deg70stick_tree.stl) | [link to repo](https://github.com/IE-Robotics-Lab/WX250_support_structure) |
| WX-250 90° tree Rest position | STL file for 90° curve tree for rest position WX-250 robot arm | <img src="images/WX-250_90TreeRestTree.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/WX-250_robot_garden/rest_pos_supports/deg90stick_tree.stl) | [link to repo](https://github.com/IE-Robotics-Lab/WX250_support_structure) |
| DMP A6 <-> tross | STL file peace that attch from tross to case. Used as support DMP A6 case | <img src="images/tross_support_speaker.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/truss_supports/tross_support_speaker.stl) | |
| DMP A6 left half case | STL file left half of support case for DMP A6 | <img src="images/tross_case_left_speaker.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/truss_supports/tross_case_left_speaker.stl) | |
| DMP A6 right half case | STL file right half of support case for DMP A6  | <img src="images/tross_case_right_speaker.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/truss_supports/tross_case_right_speaker.stl) | |
| Case connectors | STL file for connectors to increase overall case strenght  | <img src="images/tross_speacker_connections.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/truss_supports/tross_speacker_connections.stl) | |
| Switch for servo | STL of case for servo motor, to turn on/off DMP A6  | <img src="images/switch_servo.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/truss_supports/switch_servo.stl) | [link to repo](https://github.com/IE-Robotics-Lab/servo_switch_DMPA6.git) |
| "Kangaroo" | STL file of design behind creen to keep in place laptop  | <img src="images/kangaroo.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/kangaroo/LaptopSupporter.stl) | |
| clever lamp: wx250s <-> projector mini | STL file of design to attach projector to end-effector of robot arm  | <img src="images/support_projector_wx250s.png" width="100"> | [Download](files/WX-250_robot_garden/support_projector_wx250s.stl) | [link to repo](https://github.com/IE-Robotics-Lab/clever_lamp.git) |
| clamp for truss to hold power supply box | STL file of design to attach powersupply box to the truss  | <img src="https://github.com/IERoboticsAILab/3d_printing_designs/blob/main/images/clamp_power_supply.png" width="100"> | [Download](https://github.com/IERoboticsAILab/3d_printing_designs/blob/main/files/truss_supports/clamp_power_supply.stl) |  |
